dx-87 added more info on termsofserviceUrl (#333)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/payment-order-purchase.md

|          | └─➔&nbsp;`paymentUrl`             | `string`     | The URI that Swedbank Pay will redirect back to when the payment menu needs to be loaded, to inspect and act on the current status of the payment.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|  ✔︎︎︎︎︎  | └─➔&nbsp;`callbackUrl`            | `string`     | The URI to the API endpoint receiving `POST` requests on transaction activity related to the payment order.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> |  ✔︎︎︎︎︎  | └─➔&nbsp;`termsOfServiceUrl`      | `string`     | The URI to the merchant terms of service document the payer must accept in order to complete the payment. Note that this is not required unless `generateReferenceToken` or `generateRecurrenceToken` is also submitted in the request. This is the Merchants, not the Swedbank Pay Terms of Service. Requires `https`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  ✔︎︎︎︎︎  | └─➔&nbsp;`termsOfServiceUrl`      | `string`     | The URI to the merchant's terms of service document, which the payer must accept in order to complete the payment. Note that this is not required unless `generateReferenceToken` or `generateRecurrenceToken` is also submitted in the request. This is the merchant's, not the Swedbank Pay's terms of service. Requires `https`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```
